Update autocomplete-valid-value-73f2c2.md (#1907)
act-rules/act-rules.github.io: _rules/autocomplete-valid-value-73f2c2.md

- **toggle**: the `autocomplete` attribute consists of a single token that is an [ASCII case-insensitive][] match for the string `off` or the string `on`; or
- **disabled**: the element is a [disabled element]; or
- **fixed value**: the element is an `input` element with a `type` [attribute value][] of `hidden`, `button`, `submit` or `reset`; or
- **fixed value**: the element is an `input` element with a `type` [attribute value][] of `button`, `checkbox`, `file`, `image`, `radio`, `reset` or `submit`; or
- **hidden**: the element is not [visible][], and not [included in the accessibility tree][]; or

> - **static**: the element is not part of [sequential focus navigation][] and has a [semantic role][] that is not a [widget role][].

Reviewer: Only one of the two **fixed value** is needed. 
I also suggest you use internal definitions so you can easily link to it from the next:
```suggestion
- <dfn id=73f2c2:toggle>toggle</dfn>: the `autocomplete` attribute consists of a single token that is an [ASCII case-insensitive][] match for the string `off` or the string `on`; or
- <dfn id=73f2c2:disabled>disabled</dfn>: the element is a [disabled element]; or
- <dfn id=73f2c2:fixed-value>fixed value</dfn>: the element is an `input` element with a `type` [attribute value][] of `button`, `checkbox`, `file`, `image`, `radio`, `reset` or `submit`; or
- <dfn id=73f2c2:hidden>hidden</dfn>: the element is not [visible][], and not [included in the accessibility tree][]; or
- <dfn id=73f2c2:static>static</dfn>: the element is not part of [sequential focus navigation][] and has a [semantic role][] that is not a [widget role][].
```

Author: > Only one of the two **fixed value** is needed. I also suggest you use internal definitions so you can easily link to it from the next:

My mistake. I forgot to remove the old one.

I've committed the change, but should we keep the type `hidden` also in "fixed values"?
I understand that it is already covered by the "hidden" item, but they have different implications in terms of html specs.

The auto-completing feature of the `autocomplete` attribute benefits many users, but it is not required to satisfy success Criterion [1.3.5 Identify Input Purpose][sc135]. Setting `autocomplete="off"` on the element's [form owner](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/form-control-infrastructure.html#form-owner) prevents the user agent from completing it, but it does not prevent the `autocomplete` [attribute value][] from being programmatically identifiable.

> The intent of **fixed value** list item in Applicability section is to clearly define to which `input` element's `type` attribute [attribute value][] the `autocomplete` attribute applies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [fixed value](#73f2c2:fixed-value) condition in the Applicability is excluding `input` elements who do not consider the `autocomplete` attribute, based on their `type` [attribute value][]; `input` elements with a `type` [attribute value][] of `hidden` are excluded by the [hidden](#73f2c2:hidden) condition.

```

<label>Friend's first name<input type="text" autocomplete="off"/></label>
```

#### Inapplicable Example 8

> The `autocomplete` attribute does not apply to `input` type `submit` elements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This `input` element has a [fixed value](#73f2c2:fixed-value) due to its `type` [attribute value][] of `submit`. `autocomplete` does not apply to Submit buttons.
```

```html

> <input type="submit" autocomplete="off"/>

Reviewer: This should not have an `autocomplete="off"` since it is another case for not being Applicable. We should test each condition separately.
Also, we should try and have an **invalid** `autocomplete` here, so that tools that incorrectly consider this as Applicable would Fail it rather than Pass it. In the implementation mappings, Inapplicable and Passed are almost the same, but a Fail/Inapplicable discrepancy raises a red flag (see last paragraph of [Test case design / Consistency with accessibility requirements](https://act-rules.github.io/pages/design/test-cases/#consistency-with-accessibility-requirements)).

Author: @Jym77,

> This should not have an autocomplete="off" since it is another case for not being Applicable. We should test each condition separately.

Replaced off with a valid value.

----

About 

> Also, we should try and have an invalid autocomplete here, so that tools that incorrectly consider this as Applicable would Fail it rather than Pass it. In the implementation mappings, Inapplicable and Passed are almost the same, but a Fail/Inapplicable discrepancy raises a red flag (see last paragraph of [Test case design / Consistency with accessibility requirements](https://act-rules.github.io/pages/design/test-cases/#consistency-with-accessibility-requirements)).

per HTML specs

> The [missing value default](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/common-microsyntaxes.html#missing-value-default) and the [invalid value default](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/common-microsyntaxes.html#invalid-value-default) are the [Text](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/input.html#text-(type=text)-state-and-search-state-(type=search)) state.

consequently, the 1st Failed Example is covering this scenario (invalid autocomplete)

> Failed Example 1
> [Open in a new tab](https://w3.org/WAI/content-assets/wcag-act-rules/testcases/73f2c2/2ed049a75aaa549c0ba477c5048f7f2bb34cb160.html)
> 
> This autocomplete [attribute value](https://www.w3.org/WAI/standards-guidelines/act/rules/73f2c2/#attribute-value) has an unknown term that is not a [correct autocomplete field](https://www.w3.org/WAI/standards-guidelines/act/rules/73f2c2/#correct-autocomplete-field).
> 
> `<label>Username<input autocomplete="badname"/></label>`

If instead the intent is to include elements that don't support the autocomplete attribute and move these scenarios in failing examples it means to change applicability and expectations.

```

#### Inapplicable Example 9

> Even if the input explicitly specify the amount of the transactions and user agents could use transaction amount information to suggest for example a credit card that has sufficient balance, the element is not [visible][], and not [included in the accessibility tree][]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This `input` element is [hidden](#73f2c2:hidden) because of its `type` [attribute value][] of `hidden` (following standard [User Agent stylesheet recommendations](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/rendering.html#hidden-elements). Knowing the transaction amount may still be used in other fields, e.g. to suggest a card with sufficient balance; this is not tested by this rule.
```

> Even if the input explicitly specifiy the amount of the transasctions and user agents could use transaction amount information to suggest for example a credit card that has sufficient balance, the element is not [visible][], and not [included in the accessibility tree][]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Even if the input explicitly specify the amount of the transactions and user agents could use transaction amount information to suggest for example a credit card that has sufficient balance, the element is not [visible][], and not [included in the accessibility tree][]
```

Reviewer 2: Just amending the typos
